This problem can be solved easily. You don't have to use reservoir sampling at all. You just need to:

1. calculate the length of the list
1. randomly draw a number from `1 ~ length` (let's say `i`), then return the `ith` element, and it's done. 

But if you want to know more about reservoir sampling, take a looking at the following part.




### Problem Desciption

- Choose `k` entries from `n` numbers. Make sure each number is selected with the probability of `k/n`
- This problem is the special case where `k=1`



### Basic idea

- Choose `1, 2, 3, ..., k` first and put them into the reservoir.
- For the next `k+1` element, pick it with a probability of `k/(k+1)`, and randomly replace a number in the reservoir.
- Same as above, for the following `k+i` element, pick it with a probability of `k/(k+i)`, and randomly replace a number in the reservoir.
- Repeat until `k+i` reaches `n`



### Proof

- For `k+i`, the probability that it is selected and will replace a number in the reservoir is `k/(k+i)` (As we defined above)

- For a number in the reservoir before (let's say `X`), the probability that it keeps staying in the reservoir is

  - `P(X was in the reservoir last time)` × `P(X is not replaced by k+i)`
  - = `P(X was in the reservoir last time)` × (`1` - `P(k+i is selected and replaces X)`)
  - = `k/(k+i-1)` × （`1` - `k/(k+i)` × `1/k`）
  - = `k/(k+i)`

- When `k+i` reaches `n`, the probability of each number staying in the reservoir is `k/n`



### Examples

**Example1: Choose `3` numbers from `[111, 222, 333, 444]`. Each number should be selected with a probability of `3/4`**

1. Choose `[111, 222, 333]` as the initial reservior
2. Then choose `444` with a probability of `3/4`
3. For `111`, it stays with a probability of
   - `P(444 is not selected)` + `P(444 is selected but it replaces 222 or 333)`
   - = `1/4` + `3/4`*`2/3`
   - = `3/4`
4. The same case with `222` and `333`
5. Now all the numbers have the probability of `3/4` to be picked





**Example2: Choose `1` number from `[111, 222, 333]`. Each number should be selected with a probability of `1/3`**

1. Choose `[111]` as the initial reservior
2. Now we iterate to `222`, choose it with the probility of `1/2`
   1. if it is chosen (`1/2` probility), we replace `111` with `222 ` . In this case, `222` is picked with the probility of `1/2`
   2. if it is not chosen (another `1/2` probility), `111` stays. In this case, `111` stays with the probility of `1/2`
   3. Combine the above 2 cases, both `111` and `222` have the probility of `1/2`
3. Now we iterate to `333`, choose it with the probility of `1/3`
   1. if it is chosen (`1/3` probility), we replace the result of last iteration to `333`. In this case, `333` is picked with the probility of `1/3`
   2. if it is not chosen (`2/3` probility), the result of last iteration stays, and in last iteration, both `111` and `222` have the probility of `1/2`. In this round, their probability become `2/3 * 1/2 = 1/3`. 
   3. Now all the nums `111, 222, 333` have the probility of `1/3` to be picked



### Sample Code

```go
func (this *Solution) GetRandom() int {
    res, n := 0, 0               // res: reservoir, n: counter
    for h := this.Head; h != nil; h = h.Next {
        n++
        if rand.Intn(n) == 0 {   // rand.Intn(n) draws from [0 ~ n-1], so it has a probability of 1/n to equals 0.
            res = h.Val          // If it equals, means it is chosen and should replace the reservoir
        }
    }
    return res
}
```





### Related Problems

- [382. Linked List Random Node (this problem)](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-random-node/)
- [384. Shuffle an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-an-array)